[Applause]
[Music]
so i've got
all the major tea brands in front of me
and what is interesting
is clipper tea bags have got this big
sign at the top
it says here hundred unbleached plastic
free bags of fair trade everyday tea
but does that mean that all the other
tea bags
contain plastic
[Music]
so andrew what have you been up to and
how can you help us
well we've been taking apart tea bags
and we can show you some of the things
that we found
the entire thing has just completely
dissolved
pekka peachy tips and clipper have done
all right so twinings
wow that looks like a lot doesn't it
it's dissolving away the
papery part of the tea bag so that we
can see the
plastic skeleton that's inside it as you
can see other than
being a little bit more transparent and
fragile looking
it's like a tea bag i'm shocked and
surprised
potently oh so sharp
can i do yorkshire tea of course you
said goggles
on here we go please be nothing please
be nothing i want to go into this one oh
[Music]
no you're tea sorry anita oh
gosh look at that this is not a good
result for yorkshire
which is a non-biodegradable plastic
which
probably will survive in the environment
for
hundreds thousands of years
[Music]
you